I would have had two explosions. I know them.
What are you two doing? You're a fucking brat again.
Never mind anything else. Stop talking.
Then I'll come up. You go. Don't run.
You can't run away. I see you.
stop. stop.
Oh shit. If there is a next time, we must move ahead of time. stop.
I don't even feel comfortable,
I just wanted to go to the dilapidated house next door and study together.
Who would have known that it would explode again just after it came out.
We went to the house to check it out. There is no ranking.
What's your explanation?
That's not solved
I can't help it
It exploded when you ran out, right?
And it exploded twice
Exploded twice
Exploded once
Then it exploded again
Do you suspect there are two bombs in the car?
If there are not two fried ones
How come it exploded twice? What about the last one?
Then I saw two people running to death
Those two people must be Shushou
You need to check carefully before I leave.
Is it them? Yes, yes, yes
It's them two
They are comrades Xiu Shou
He was the repairman who blew up the car.